N336828
N336828
December
13, 2023
OT:RR:NC:N1:118
CATEGORY: Origin
Geralyn Fortin
A. N. Deringer
173 West Service Road
Champlain, NY 12919
RE:  The country of origin of a shovel
Dear Ms. Fortin:
In your submission dated November 30, 2023, on behalf of Meridian
International Co. Ltd. USA, you requested a country of origin ruling on a
shovel.
You state that the shovel is comprised of a steel head that is
attached to a wood and fiberglass handle with a plastic grip.   The
shovel head is made from cold-rolled steel that is sourced from China.
The steel is sent to Vietnam, where it is cut into shovel head blanks.
Each blank is then turned, heated, and formed into the final head shape of the
shovel using a forming machine.  The shovel head is then heat-treated and
sent to China.  In China the shovel head is polished and powder
coated.   A Chinese-origin wood and fiberglass handle is then
attached and secured to the shovel head.  Finally, a plastic grip is
attached to the end of the handle.
Regarding your request for the appropriate country of origin for
the finished shovel, 19 C.F.R. § 134.1(b) provides in pertinent part as
follows:
Country of origin means the country of manufacture, production, or
growth of any article of foreign origin entering the United States.
Further work or material added to an article in another country must effect a
substantial transformation in order to render such other country the
“country of origin” within the meaning of this part;
The test for determining whether a substantial transformation will
occur is whether an article emerges from a process with a new name, character,
or use, different from that possessed by the article prior to processing.
See Texas Instruments Inc. v. United States, 69 C.C.P.A. 151 (1982).  This
determination is based on the totality of the evidence.  See National Hand
Tool Corp. v. United States, 16 C.I.T. 308 (1992), aff’d, 989 F.2d 1201
(Fed. Cir. 1993).
In order to determine whether a substantial transformation occurs
when components of various origins are assembled into completed products, all
factors such as the components used to create the product and manufacturing
processes that these components undergo are considered in order to determine
whether a product with a new name, character and use has been produced.
No one factor is decisive, and assembly operations that are minimal will
generally not result in a substantial transformation.
It is our view that the shovel head imparts the essence of the
finished shovel.  In Vietnam cold-rolled steel is cut and formed into the
final shape and size of the finished shovel head.  Based upon the provided
description and pictures of the finishing operations and assembly performed in
China, the shovel head is not substantially changed so as to transform it into
a new article with a different name, character, or use.  Additionally, the
shovel head is not substantially transformed by the attachment of the
handle.  It is therefore the opinion of our office that the country of
origin of the finished shovel is Vietnam.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual situation
and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request.  This
position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),
Section 177.9(b)(1).  This section states that a ruling letter is issued
on the assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter,
whether directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in
every material respect.  In the event that the facts are modified in any
way, or if the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you
should bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)
and submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling
may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported.  If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Anthony Grossi at anthony.e.grossi@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division