N336751
N336751
December
12, 2023
CLA-2-71:OT:RR:NC:N4 462
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 7116.20.4000
Stacia Keegan
Rim Logistics
200 N. Gary Ave.
Roselle, IL 60172
RE:  The tariff classification of a Flat Pack Wood Burning
Pizza Oven & Grill
Dear Ms. Keegan:
In your letter dated November 28, 2023, you requested a tariff
classification ruling. Images and descriptive information were provided.
The item under consideration is a “Flat Pack Wood Burning
Pizza Oven & Grill.” This oven/grill is made of powder-coated steel
and features an internal cooking chamber made from cordierite. It also includes
a built-in thermometer. This product is packaged in a flat pack and does not
require tools for assembly due the groove and tongue design.
Legal Note 1 (a) to Chapter 71 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule
of the United States (HTSUS), provides in pertinent part, subject to note 1 (a)
to section VI and except as provided by note 3 to the chapter, that all
articles consisting wholly or partly of natural or cultures pearls or of
precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic, or reconstructed) are to
be classified in this chapter – see Explanatory Notes to heading 7117,
HTSUS. As cordierite is listed as a semiprecious stone in the annex to heading
7103, HTSUS, and there are no exclusions preventing classification from said
chapter, we are of the opinion that the pizza oven box, with internal cooking
chamber made from cordierite, falls within the scope of articles classifiable
within heading 7116, HTSUS.
The applicable subheading for the “Flat Pack Wood Burning
Pizza Oven & Grill,” with an internal cooking chamber made from
cordierite, will be 7116.20.4000, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United
States (HTSUS), which provides for “Articles of natural or cultured
pearls, precious or semi-precious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed):
Of precious or semiprecious stones (natural, synthetic or reconstructed):
Other: Of semiprecious stones (except rock crystal): Other.” The rate of
duty will be 10.5% ad valorem.
Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to
change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are
provided at
https://hts.usitc.gov/current
.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This
position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),
Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the
assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether
directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every
material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if
the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should
bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and
submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling
may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Sandra Sary at sandra.sary@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division