N336758
N336758
December
14, 2023
CLA-2-83:OT:RR:NC:N5:121
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 8306.29.0000
Matt King
Masterpieces Puzzle Co., Inc.
12475 N. Rancho Vistoso Boulevard
Oro Valley, AZ 85755
RE:  The tariff classification of a metal planter art kit
from China
Dear Mr. King:
In your letter dated November 28, 2023, you requested a tariff
classification ruling.
The item under consideration is identified as a Paint and Plant
art kit. This craft kit contains 3 metal planters with a metal tray, 3
decorative plaster garden picks (in the shape of a flower, a butterfly, and a
ladybug), stickers, paints, paint brushes, and peat soil pellets. The user can
decorate the planters, tray, and plaster garden picks with the included
stickers and paints. The user would then use the peat soil pellets to grow
flowers in the 3 metal planters. When completed, this item will be used as a
planter.
The Explanatory Notes to the Harmonized Tariff System of the
United States (HTSUS) provide guidance in the interpretation of the Harmonized
Commodity Description and Coding System at the international level. Explanatory
Note X to GRI 3(b) provides that the term "goods put up in sets for retail
sale" means goods that: (a) consist of at least two 2 different articles
which are, prima facie, classifiable in different headings; (b) consist of
articles put up together to meet a particular need or carry out a specific
activity; and (c) are put up in a manner suitable for sale directly to users
without repacking. Goods classifiable under GRI 3(b) are classified as if they
consisted of the material or component which gives them their essential
character, which may be determined by the nature of the material or component,
its bulk, quantity, weight or value, or by the role of a constituent material
in relation to the use of the article. This office considers the subject Paint
and Plant art kit to be a set for tariff classification purposes. We note that
the paint, stickers, and peat pellets will be depleted in the decoration of the
planters and the growing of flowers, whereas the base metal planters and the
plaster garden picks can continue to be used. We find that the base metal
planters, which function to hold and display plants, impart the essential
character to the set.
The applicable subheading for the Paint and Plant art kit will be
8306.29.0000, HTSUS, which provides for Bells, gongs and the like, nonelectric,
of base metal; statuettes and other ornaments, of base metal; photograph,
picture or similar frames, of base metal; mirrors of base metal; and base metal
parts thereof: Statuettes and other ornaments, and parts thereof: Other. The
rate of duty will be free.
Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to
change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are
provided at
https://hts.usitc.gov/current
.
The importation of this product may be subject to import
regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(U.S.D.A.).  Information regarding applicable regulations administered by
the U.S.D.A. may be addressed to that agency at the following location:
U.S. Department of Agriculture
A.P.H.I.S., PPQ
4700 River Road, Unit 136
Riverdale, MD  20737
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This
position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),
Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the
assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether
directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every
material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if
the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should
bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and
submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling
may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Jennifer Jameson at jennifer.d.jameson@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division