N344592

N344592

 

December

18, 2024 

 

CLA-2-39:OT:RR:NC:N:5:137

 

CATEGORY: Classification

 

TARIFF NO.: 3917.40.0095, 9903.88.02

 

Craig Michael

Rusty Dog Brands, Inc.

2950 Allen Rd.

Ortonville, MI 48462

 

RE:  The tariff classification of a maple syrup extraction

kit from China

 

Dear Mr. Michael:

 

In your letter dated December 11, 2024, you requested a tariff

classification ruling.

 

The kit is identified as an “Ultimate Maple Syrup Tapping

Kit” and contains the following items:

Ten ABS plastic elbow fittings (spouts)

Ten 3-foot lengths of LDPE tubing

Six polyester (felt) filters

Five recipe cards

One instruction card

 

You have stated that the items will be imported in retail

packaging and nothing will be added to the kit after importation.  We note

that we issued you New York ruling N338183, dated February 22, 2024, in which

you inquired as to the classification of a similar set including a 5/16”

HSS twist drill bit.

 

The classification of merchandise under the Harmonized Tariff

Schedule of the United States (HTSUS) is governed by the General Rules of

Interpretation ("GRIs"), taken in order.  GRI 1 requires that

classification be determined according to the terms of the headings and any

relative section or chapter notes.  In the event that goods cannot be

classified solely on the basis of GRI 1, and if the heading and legal notes do

not otherwise require, the remaining GRIs will be applied, in the order of

their appearance.  Goods that are, prima facie, classifiable under two or

more headings, are classifiable in accordance with GRI 3, HTSUS.  GRI 3(a)

states in part when two or more headings each refer to part only of the

materials or substances contained in mixed or composite goods, those headings

are to be regarded as equally specific, even if one heading gives a more

precise description of the good.  Goods classifiable under GRI 3(b) are

classified as if they consisted of the material or component which gives them

their essential character, which may be determined by the nature of the

material or component, its bulk, quantity, weight, or value, or by the role of

a constituent material in relation to the use of the article. The imported

maple syrup extraction kit contains articles that are used to extract and use

maple syrup.  It is the opinion of this office that the ABS plastic elbow

fittings (spouts) provide the essential character of the set.

 

The applicable subheading for the maple syrup extraction kit will

be 3917.40.0095, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS), which

provides for tubes, pipes and hoses and fittings therefor (for example, joints,

elbows, flanges), of plastics: fittings: other. The general rate of duty will

be 5.3 percent ad valorem.

 

Pursuant to U.S. Note 20 to Subchapter III, Chapter 99, HTSUS,

products of China classified under subheading 3917.40.0095, HTSUS, unless

specifically excluded, are subject to an additional 25
 
percent ad

valorem rate of duty. At the time of importation, you must report the Chapter

99 subheading, i.e., 9903.88.02, in addition to subheading 3917.40.0095, HTSUS,

listed above.

 

The HTSUS is subject to periodic amendment, so you should exercise

reasonable care in monitoring the status of goods covered by the Note cited

above and the applicable Chapter 99 subheading. For background information

regarding the trade remedy initiated pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act

of 1974, including information on exclusions and their effective dates, you may

refer to the relevant parts of the USTR and CBP websites, which are available

at 
https://ustr.gov/issue-areas/enforcement/section-301-investigations/tariff-actions
 and 
https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/trade-remedies
, respectively.

 

Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to

change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are

provided at 
https://hts.usitc.gov/
.

 

The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual

situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This

position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),

Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the

assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether

directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every

material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if

the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should

bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and

submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.

Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling

may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.

 

This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of

the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).

 

A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should

be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is

imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact

National Import Specialist Christina Allen at julie.c.allen@cbp.dhs.gov.

 

Sincerely, 

 

Steven

A. Mack 

Director

National

Commodity Specialist Division