N344427

N344427

 

December

18, 2024 

 

CLA-2-84:OT:RR:NC:N1:103

 

CATEGORY: Classification, Trade Agreement

 

TARIFF NO.: 8487.90.0080

 

Peter Quinter

Gunster, Yoakley & Stewart, P.A.

600 Brickell Ave., Suite 3500

Miami, FL 33131

 

RE: The tariff classification and status under the United

States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement (CTPA), of a grease fitting from

Columbia.

 

Dear Mr. Quinter:

 

In your letter dated December 4, 2024, you requested a ruling on

the status of a grease fitting from Colombia under the CTPA on behalf of your

client, Lubrication Components Mfg. Co.

 

The merchandise under consideration is a grease fitting with a

7/16-inch hex, a 1/8-inch by 27 PTF thread, and a 21/32-inch overall length.

The grease fitting is screwed into machinery or components that require

periodic lubrication. It has a threaded end and a nipple designed to seal

against a grease gun coupler. Within the fitting is a spring-loaded check ball

to prevent leakage and to prevent dirt or contaminants from entering the

machine component. When pressure is applied, the spring-loaded mechanism allows

lubricant to flow into the component.

 

Even though the described grease fitting is identified as part

number GH1010, you state additional part numbers of different threads, lengths,

diameters, etc., will be manufactured using the same sourcing and operational

steps.

 

The applicable subheading for the grease fitting, part number

GH1010, will be 8487.90.0080, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States

(HTSUS), which provides for “Machinery parts, not containing electrical

connectors, insulators, coils, contacts or other electrical features, and not

specified or included elsewhere in this chapter: Other: Other.” The rate

of duty will be 3.9 percent ad valorem.

 

The subject grease fitting is manufactured in Colombia. The

process begins with forming the body which is machined from hexagonal steel

bars sourced from Spain. Chinese wire is coiled into a spring, which is then

inserted with a Chinese-sourced steel ball into the body to complete the grease

fitting.

 

In your submission you request a determination on the eligibility

of the grease fitting for preferential treatment under the United

States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement (CTPA).

 

The requirements of the CTPA are described in General Note 34 of

the HTSUS. General Note 34(b) indicates that, for the purposes of this note,

subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (n) and (o) thereof, a good

imported into the customs territory of the United States is eligible for

treatment as an originating good of Colombia or of the United States under the

terms of this note if—

 

(i) the good is wholly obtained or produced entirely in the

territory of Colombia or of the United States, or both;

 

(ii) the good is produced entirely in the territory of Colombia or

of the United States, or both, and—

 

(A) each of the nonoriginating materials used in the production of

the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff classification specified in

subdivision (o) of this note; or

 

(B) the good otherwise satisfies any applicable regional

value-content or other requirements set forth in such subdivision (o); and

 

satisfies all other applicable requirements of this note and of

applicable regulations; or

 

(iii) the good is produced entirely in the territory of Colombia

or of the United States, or both, exclusively from materials described in

subdivisions (i) or (ii), above.

 

Since the grease fitting contains non-originating materials, it is

not considered a good wholly obtained or produced entirely in a CTPA country

under GN 34(b)(i) and GN 34(c)(i). Thus, we must determine whether the product

qualifies under GN 34(b)(ii). As previously noted, the grease fitting is

classified under subheading 8487.90.0080, HTSUS. The applicable rule of origin

for goods classified under subheading 8487.90.0080, HTSUS, is in GN

34(o)/84.134, HTSUS, which provides for “[a] change to heading 8487 from

any other heading.”

 

Based on the facts provided, the goods described above qualify for

CTPA preferential tariff treatment, because they will meet the requirements of

HTSUS General Note 34(b)(ii). The grease fitting, part number GH1010, will

therefore be eligible for preferential treatment under the CTPA upon compliance

with 19 CFR § 10.3026, and all applicable laws, regulations, and

agreements.

 

Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to

change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are

provided at 
https://hts.usitc.gov/current
.

 

The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual

situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This

position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),

Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the

assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether

directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every

material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if

the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should

bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and

submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.

Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling

may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.

 

This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of

the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).

 

A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should

be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is

imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact

National Import Specialist Paul Huang at paul.huang@cbp.dhs.gov.

 

Sincerely, 

 

Steven

A. Mack 

Director

National

Commodity Specialist Division