N344369
N344369
December
13, 2024
CLA-2-48:OT:RR: NC:4:434
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 4820.10.2020
Mireya Ruano
Veyer, Inc.
6600 N. Military Trail
Boca Raton, FL  33496
RE:      The tariff classification and country
of origin of an easel-sized paper pad
Dear Ms. Ruano:
In your letter, dated December 3, 2024, you requested a tariff
classification and country of origin ruling.  Photos and a detailed
description of the manufacturing operations were submitted for our review.
The “Sticky Pad Easel,” SKU number 6141281 is a large
pad of paper, resembling an oversized memo pad, of a kind placed on an easel in
the front of a classroom or conference room, where it will enable an instructor
to create and display “flip charts” or other written/graphic
exhibits of various kinds.  It consists of thirty 25” x 30”
rectangular sheets of blank white paper bound by staples along the top edge and
backed by a sheet of cardboard.  The back of each sheet has adhesive along
the top.  A “peel and seal” strip of release paper lies
between the last sheet of paper and the cardboard in the glue area to prevent
the last sheet from sticking to the backing board.
The applicable subheading for the “Sticky Pad Easel”
will be 4820.10.2020, HTSUS, which provides for “Registers, account
books, notebooks, order books, receipt books, letter pads, memorandum pads,
diaries and similar articles:  Memorandum pads, letter pads and similar
articles.”  The rate of duty will be Free.
Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to
change.
The
text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are provided on
the World Wide Web at
https://hts.usitc.gov/current
.
You also requested a country of origin determination and supplied
information about the materials and manufacturing.  The parent roll of
paper and the cardboard is manufactured in Vietnam.  The glue and the
“peel and seal” sheet are made in China.  In Vietnam, all of
the assembly takes place, consisting of the following steps:  The paper is
coated with glue, cut to size, bound with the backer board and “peel and
seal” sheet, and packed for shipping.
When determining the country of origin, the substantial
transformation analysis is applicable. See, e.g., Headquarters Ruling Letter
(“HQ”) H301619, dated November 6, 2018. The test for determining
whether a substantial transformation will occur is whether an article emerges
from a process with a new name, character, or use different from that possessed
by the article prior to processing. See
Texas Instruments Inc. v. United
States
, 681 F.2d 778 (C.C.P.A. 1982). This determination is based on the
totality of the evidence. See
National Hand Tool Corp. v. United States
,
16 C.I.T. 308 (1992), aff’d, 989 F.2d 1201 (Fed. Cir. 1993).
The country in which the paper is made is the same as the country
in which the components are assembled into the finished pad –
Vietnam.  Therefore, the country of origin for the “Sticky Pad
Easel” is Vietnam.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling
request.  This position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal
Regulations (CFR), Section 177.9(b)(1).  This section states that a ruling
letter is issued on the assumption that all of the information furnished in the
ruling letter, whether directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate
and complete in every material respect.  In the event that the facts are modified
in any way, or if the goods do not conform to these facts at time of
importation, you should bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border
Protection (CBP) and submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19
CFR 177.2.  Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the
foregoing ruling may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs Regulations (19 CFR 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported.
If you have any questions regarding the ruling, contact National
Import Specialist Charlene Miller at
charlene.s.miller@cbp.dhs.gov
.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division