N344420
N344420
December
20, 2024
CLA-2-39:OT:RR:NC:N:5 137
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 3912.90.0090
Aaron Marx
Crowell & Moring, LLP
1001 Pennsylvania Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20004
RE:  The tariff classification of cellulose in suspension
from The Netherlands
Dear Mr. Marx:
In your letter, dated December 4, 2024, you requested a binding
tariff classification ruling on behalf of your client, Sappi North America,
Inc.  The request addressed cellulose in aqueous suspension.  Product
information was provided for our review.
The products under consideration are identified by the name
Valida, specifically, “Valida S191A+,” “Valida S231C,”
and “Valida L.”  Each is an aqueous solution consisting of 2.5
percent to 10 percent cellulose and 90 percent to 97.5 percent water.  The
cellulose is obtained from coniferous wood that has undergone multiple refining
processes, ultimately yielding a fibrillated cellulose suspension in
water.  The CAS number for this product is 9004-34-6.
In your letter, you argue that the Valida products are chemically
and mechanically processed wood pulp classifiable under subheading
4705.00.0000, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS).  We
disagree.  Chapter 47 provides for pulp, including wood pulp.  The
Explanatory Notes to Chapter 47 explain that the pulp of that chapter “is
generally presented in baled sheets (whether or not perforated), wet or dry,
but may sometimes be in slabs, in rolls, or in the form of powder or
flakes.”  We note that all of the named forms of pulp are solids
that must consist wholly or predominantly of pulp or fiber.  The Valida
products do not exist in these forms.  Instead, they contain small
quantities of cellulose in an aqueous suspension.  Such a product does not
function in the same manner as solid form pulps, which, for example, form the
structure of papers.  You note that the Valida products are used as
stabilizers, thickening agents, binders, and other similar components,
functioning specifically as cellulose in those roles.  Cellulose is a
polymer provided for in heading 3912, HTSUS.
The applicable subheading for the Valida cellulose products will
be 3912.90.0090, HTSUS, which provides for Cellulose and its chemical
derivatives, not elsewhere specified or included, in primary forms: Other:
Other.  The rate of duty will be 5.2 percent ad valorem.
Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to
change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are
provided at
https://hts.usitc.gov/
.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This
position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),
Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the
assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether
directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every
material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if
the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should
bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and
submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling
may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Christina Allen at julie.c.allen@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division