N344274
N344274
December
13, 2024
CLA-2-48:OT:RR:NC:N5:130
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 4819.40.0040
Ms. Malanie Jimenez
Hadasa Dance Shop
2502 N. 32
nd
Street
Phoenix, AZ 85008
RE:      The tariff classification of paper
shopping bags from Vietnam
Dear Ms. Jimenez:
In your letter, dated November 26, 2024, you requested a binding
tariff classification ruling. The ruling was requested for paper shopping
bags.  Photos and product information were submitted for our review.
The item under consideration is a paper shopping bag constructed
of kraft paper weighing 150 grams per square meter (gsm).  The bag
measures approximately 17.5cm wide by 18cm high by 11cm deep.  The two
tube handles are constructed of knitted polyester cord. The handles are
threaded through the holes near the top of the bag and are secured with a knot
at each end.  The top edge of the bag is folded over.  The picture
provided shows that the bag is colored on the exterior with an embossed design.
The applicable subheading for the instant paper shopping bag will
be 4819.40.0040, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS), which
provides for Cartons, boxes, cases, bags and other packing containers, of
paper, paperboard, cellulose wadding or webs of cellulose fibers; box files,
letter trays and similar articles, of paper or paperboard of a kind used in
offices, shops or the like: Other sacks and bags, including cones: Other.
The rate of duty will be free.
The shopping bags may be subject to antidumping duties for paper
shopping bags from Vietnam (A552-836).
Written decisions regarding the scope of antidumping and
countervailing duties (AD/CVD) orders are issued by the Enforcement and
Compliance office in the International Trade Administration of the Department
of Commerce (ITA) and are separate from tariff classification and origin
rulings issued by Customs and Border Protection (CBP).  General
information regarding the ITA and AD/CVD can be found at
https://www.trade.gov/us-antidumping-and-countervailing-duties
.  The ITA’s “Guide on How to File for an
Antidumping/Countervailing Duty Scope Ruling Request” is available at
https://enforcement.trade.gov/scope/Request-Scope-Ruling.pdf
Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to
change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are
provided at
https://hts.usitc.gov/
.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This
position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),
Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the
assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether
directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every
material respect.  In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or
if the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should
bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and
submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2. Additionally,
we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling may be
subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Laurel Duvall at
laurel.duvall@cbp.dhs.gov
.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division