N344067
N344067
December
6, 2024
CLA-2-87:OT:RR:NC:N2:206
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 8708.29.5160; 9903.88.03
James Jeffries
Kuat Innovations LLC
Attn: Legal Department
2240 N. Alliance Ave,
Springfield, MO 65803
RE:  The tariff classification of a Rooftop Platform Rack for
passenger vehicles from China
Dear Mr. Jeffries:
In your letter dated November 15, 2024, you requested a tariff
classification ruling.
The product under consideration is a Rooftop Platform Rack
designed to be attached to the roof of a passenger vehicle for carrying luggage
and other similar cargo on the exterior of the vehicle. The rack comprises
front and rear cross members, right and left side members, multiple interior
support bars, and vehicle mount devices. The components are largely made of
aluminum extrusions or die-cast components. In the subsequent correspondence,
you state that there are miscellaneous parts including injection-molded plastic
end caps, plastic nuts, and steel components to attach the product to specific
vehicles. Also, there is a version of the rack that includes lights in the
front cross member.
The applicable subheading for the Rooftop Platform Rack will be
8708.29.5160, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS), which
provides for “Parts and accessories of the motor vehicles of headings
8701 to 8705: Other parts and accessories of bodies (including cabs): Other:
Other: Other“. The rate of duty will be 2.5 percent ad valorem.
Pursuant to U.S. Note 20 to Subchapter III, Chapter 99, HTSUS,
products of China classified under subheading 8708.29.5160, HTSUS, unless
specifically excluded, are subject to an additional 25 percent ad valorem rate
of duty. At the time of importation, you must report the Chapter 99 subheading,
i.e., 9903.88.03, in addition to subheading 8708.29.5160, HTSUS, listed above.
The
HTSUS is subject to periodic amendment so you should exercise reasonable care
in monitoring the status of goods covered by the Note cited above and the
applicable Chapter 99 subheading. For background information regarding the
trade remedy initiated pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, you
may refer to the relevant parts of the USTR and CBP websites, which are
available at
https://ustr.gov/issue-areas/enforcement/section-301-investigations/tariff-actions
and
https://www.cbp.gov/trade/remedies/301-certain-products-china
,
respectively.
This product may be subject to antidumping duties or countervailing
duties (AD/CVD). When there is a question as to whether merchandise is subject
to an antidumping or countervailing duty order or considered to be defined by
the scope of an order, such a determination is governed by the U.S. Department
of Commerce’s International Trade Administration
(“Commerce”). Commerce issues scope rulings to determine whether
merchandise which is in commercial production is covered by the scope of an
antidumping or countervailing duty order. Commerce’s scope rulings are separate
and distinct from decisions issued by CBP regarding tariff classification and
country of origin for purposes such as duty assessment and marking.
To
seek a scope ruling, please visit the website of Commerce’s International
Trade Administration. A guide to seeking a scope ruling can be found at
https://access.trade.gov/help/Scope_Ruling_Guidance_(4.1.2022).pdf
.
A list of current AD/CVD investigations at the United States International
Trade Commission can be viewed on its website at
http://www.usitc.gov
.
Additionally, messages sent by Commerce to CBP regarding AD/CVD cash deposits
and liquidation can be searched using ACE or CBP’s search tool at
https://trade.cbp.dhs.gov/ace/adcvd/adcvd-public/#
.
Duty rates are provided for your convenience and are subject to
change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are
provided at
https://hts.usitc.gov/
.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling request. This
position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),
Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the
assumption that all of the information furnished in the ruling letter, whether
directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and complete in every
material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if
the goods do not conform to these facts at time of importation, you should
bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and
submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling
may be subject to periodic verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
the Customs and Border Protection Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Liana Alvarez at liana.alvarez@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division