N344246
N344246
December
10, 2024
OT:RR:NC:N4:463
CATEGORY: Country of Origin
Mireya Ruano
Veyer LLC
6600 N. Military Trail
Boca Raton, FL 33496
RE:      The country of origin of a
gaming desk
Dear Ms. Ruano:
This ruling is being issued in response to your letter dated
November 25, 2024, requesting a country-of-origin determination for a
variable-height gaming desk.  In lieu of a sample, product descriptions,
URLs, pictures, diagrams, and videos were provided.
The desk is identified as the RS Gaming Chronos 66" W
Height-Adjustable Gaming Desk with Integrated Power and Charging (Black) and
SKU number 7093194.  It was the subject of classification ruling
N343588.  Per the provided information, the desk measures 66" wide,
30" deep, and it can be electronically adjusted from 29" high to
47" high.  The desktop is made of edge-banded MDF with a
carbon-fiber-finish laminate surface, and the chassis is made of powder-coated
steel.  Other features include:
Remote-controlled LED
lighting on desktop sides and back
Built-in hub with 3
power outlets, and USB-A and -C charging ports
Integrated Qi-compatible
wireless charging
Tiltable keyboard inset
Electronic push-button
height controls with memory presets
Monitor arm attachment
point
CPU holder
Desktop mounted cable
management brackets
Digital control panel,
extendable mouse tray, headset hook, and cup holder
CHINESE MATERIALS
Metal Side Column Tubes
Metal Tube Feet
Metal Cable Box
Metal Frame
MDF Tabletop (main)
MDF Tabletop (mouse)
Hand controller
Accessory
CHINESE MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS
Metal Side Column Tubes:
laser cutting, hole drilling
Metal Frame: laser
cutting, stamping, bending
MDF Tabletops:
manufacture of laminated board, cutting, edge banding, drilling, edge
deburring and cleaning
The finished and semi-finished Chinese components are exported to
Vietnam.
VIETNAMESE MATERIALS
Motors (2), wireless
charger, RGB lights, power box
Carton, labels and
packaging
VIETNAMESE MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS
The metal side column
tubes undergo welding, grinding and powder coating to produce the side
column assemblies.  Motors are installed and the columns are tested.
The metal frame
undergoes welding and powder coating.
The tabletop and frame
are assembled with the wireless charger, controller, RGB lights, power box
and accessory.
The complete unassembled
gaming table is cleaned and packaged.
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN
The "country of origin" is defined in 19 CFR 134.1(b) as "the
country of manufacture, production, or growth of any article of foreign origin
entering the United States.  Further work or material added to an article
in another country must effect a substantial transformation in order to render
such other country the 'country of origin' within the meaning of this
part." The courts have held that a substantial transformation occurs when
an article emerges from a process with a new name, character or use different
from that possessed by the article prior to processing.  United States v.
Gibson-Thomsen Co., Inc., 27 CCPA 267, C.A.D. 98 (1940); National Hand Tool
Corp. v. United States, 16 CIT 308 (1992), aff'd, 989 F. 2d 1201 (Fed. Cir. 1993);
Anheuser Busch Brewing Association v. The United States, 207 U.S. 556 (1908)
and Uniroyal Inc. v. United States, 542 F. Supp. 1026 (1982).  However, if
the manufacturing or combining process is merely a minor one that leaves the
identity of the article intact, a substantial transformation has not occurred.
Uniroyal, Inc. v. United States, 3 CIT 220, 542 F. Supp. 1026, 1029
(1982), aff’d, 702 F.2d 1022 (Fed. Cir. 1983) (Uniroyal).
Substantial transformation determinations are based on the totality of
the evidence.  See Headquarters Ruling W968434, dated January 17, 2007,
citing Ferrostaal Metals Corp. v. United States, 11 CIT 470, 478, 664 F. Supp.
535, 541 (1987).  In the Uniroyal case, the court held that a shoe upper
was not substantially transformed when attached to an outsole to form a shoe
and that the upper was "the very essence of the completed shoe."
You assert that the manufacturing operations performed in Vietnam on the
Chinese materials and the addition of Vietnamese components amount to a
substantial transformation and result in the creation of a distinct article
with a new name, character and use, and that this is not simply an assembly
operation.  We agree.
Based upon the foregoing set of facts, this office is of the
opinion that none of the Chinese components involved in making the gaming desk
provide the essence of the gaming desk.  Rather, they do not constitute
the gaming desk until they undergo the further processing and are combined with
Vietnamese origin materials in Vietnam.  As described in the ruling, the
Chinese-made metal side column tubes, metal tube feet, metal cable box, metal
frame, MDF tabletop (main), MDF tabletop (mouse), hand controller and accessory
are imported into Vietnam for further processing and/or assembly with
Vietnamese materials.  In Vietnam, the metal side column tubes undergo
welding, grinding and powder coating to produce the side column assemblies.
Motors are installed and the columns are tested.  The metal frame
undergoes welding and powder coating.  The tabletop and frame are
assembled with the wireless charger, hand controller, RGB lights, power box and
accessory.  The complete unassembled gaming table is cleaned and packaged
for export.  These manufacturing operations performed in Vietnam
substantially transform the Chinese components and materials and result in the
creation of a distinct article with a new name, character and use.
Accordingly, the country of origin of the gaming desk is Vietnam.
Based upon the foregoing facts and analysis, the country of origin of the RS
Gaming Chronos 66" W Height-Adjustable Gaming Desk with Integrated Power
and Charging (Black) and SKU number 7093194 is Vietnam.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual
situation and merchandise description as identified in the ruling
request.  This position is set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal
Regulations (CFR), Section 177.9(b)(1).  This section states that a ruling
letter is issued on the assumption that all the information furnished in the
ruling letter, whether directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate
and complete in every material respect.  If the facts are modified in any
way, or if the goods do not conform to these facts at the time of importation,
you should bring this to the attention of CBP and submit a request for a new
ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.  Additionally, we note that the
material facts described in the foregoing ruling may be subject to periodic
verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of
Title 19 of the Code of Federal Regulations (19 C.F.R. Part 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should
be provided with the entry documents filed at the time this merchandise is
imported.  If you have any questions regarding the ruling, contact
National Import Specialist Seth Mazze at
seth.mazze@cbp.dhs.gov
Sincerely,
Steven
A. Mack
Director
National
Commodity Specialist Division