U.S. Customs and
Border Protection
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Customs and Border Protection
National Commodity Specialist Division
One World Trade Center, Suite 51.201
New York, NY 10007
N355798
December 17, 2025
OT:RR:NC:N2:247
CATEGORY: Classification, Origin, Marking, Trade Program
TARIFF NO.: 6406.20.0000
Jae Hee Park  
O2Wide Co., Ltd.
Cocoro Building, 308 Dongnam-ro, Songpa-gu
Seoul 05835
South Korea
RE:  The classification, country of origin, marking and trade program eligibility of a DIY Knit Shoe Kit
Dear Ms. Park:
In your letter dated November 6, 2025, you requested the classification, country of origin, marking, and trade
program eligibility ruling of the “DIY Knit Shoe Kit.”
You submitted a description and several photographs of the “DIY Knit Shoe Kit.”  The kit p therovides
consumer to handcraft a pair of wearable shoesthe opportunity an upper and to assemble the components into 
after purchase. he kit contains a PVC outer sole manufactured in Turkey and classified under subheading T
6406.20.0000, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (HTSUS) if imported separately an EVA;
insole classified under 6406.90.3060, HTSUS, and manufactured in South Korea cotton yarn classified under;
5207.10.0000, HTSUS, manufactured in South Korea, a printed pattern sheet classified underand 
4901.99.0050, HTSUS, manufactured in South Korea. The kit is put up in a retail box in South Korea. and   
The Explanatory Notes to GRI 3(b) indicate, in pertinent part, that "goods put up in sets for retail sale" means
goods which:  (a) consist of at least two different articles which are prima facie classifiable in different
headings; (b) consist of products or articles put up together to meet a particular need or carry out a specific
activity; and (c) are put up in a manner suitable for sale directly to users without repacking. Each of the  
components of the kit lassified under different subheadings and considered a set for tariff purposes. Since is c  
no one subheading in the tariff schedule covers all the components, GRI 3(b) provides that goods put up in
sets for retail sale, shall be classified as the component which gives them their essential character. In general,  
"essential character" has been construed to mean the attribute which strongly marks or serves to distinguish
an article. It may be determined by the nature of the material, its bulk, quantity, weight, value, or by the role  
of the constituent material in relation to the use of the goods. The outer sole dominates by weight and  
dictates the size, shape, and type of the completed shoe. Therefore, this office determines that the rubber or  
plastic outer sole from Turkey imparts the essential character of the set and determines the classification.

The applicable subheading for the DIY Knit Shoe Kit will be 6406.20.0000, HTSUS, which provides for
Parts of footwear (including uppers whether or not attached to soles other than outer soles): Outer soles and
heels of rubber or plastics.  The general rate of duty will be 2.7 percent ad valorem.
When determining the country of origin for purposes of applying current trade remedies under Section 301
and additional duties, the substantial transformation analysis is applicable.  See, e.g., Headquarters Ruling
Letter H301619, dated November 6, 2018. The test for determining whether a substantial transformation will
occur is whether an article emerges from a process with a new name, character, or use different from that
possessed by the article prior to processing.  See Texas Instruments Inc. v. United States, 681 F.2d 778
(C.C.P.A. 1982). This determination is based on the totality of the evidence.  See National Hand Tool Corp.
v. United States, 16 C.I.T. 308 (1992), aff’d, 989 F.2d 1201 (Fed. Cir. 1993).
Additionally, Section 304 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended (19 U.S.C. 1304), provides that unless
excepted, every article of foreign origin imported into the United States shall be marked in a conspicuous
place as legibly, indelibly, and permanently as the nature of the article (or its container) will permit, in such a
manner as to indicate to the ultimate purchaser in the United States, the English name of the country of origin
of the article.  Congressional intent in enacting 19 U.S.C. 1304 was “that the ultimate purchaser should be
able to know by an inspection of the marking on the imported goods the country of which the goods is the
product. The evident purpose is to mark the goods so that at the time of purchase the ultimate purchaser may,
by knowing where the goods were produced, be able to buy or refuse to buy them, if such marking should
influence his will.” See United States v. Friedlander & Co., 27 C.C.P.A. 297, 302 (1940).
Part 134 of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”) Regulations (19 CFR 134) implements the
country of origin marking requirements and exceptions of 19 U.S.C. 1304.  Section 134.1(b), CBP
Regulations (19 CFR 134.1(b)), defines “country of origin” as the country of manufacture, production, or
growth of any article of foreign origin entering the United States.  Further work or material added to an
article in another country must effect a substantial transformation in order to render such other country the
“country of origin” within the meaning of the marking laws and regulations.
The essential character for goods classified as a set, or where no single manufacturing process provides a
clear "substantial transformation," is determined by the origin based on the single component that imparts the
essential character to the finished product.  Given that the outer sole determines the essential character of this
set, its origin dictates the origin of the entire set. The inner sole and yarn, while necessary components, are
considered secondary to the fundamental nature of the good, which is defined by the outer sole. Therefore, as  
the outer sole is from Turkey, the country of origin for the set is Turkey.
General Note 33, HTSUS, sets forth the criteria for determining whether a good is originating under the
UKFTA . General Note 33(b), HTSUS, states, in pertinent part,United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement ( )  
as follows:
For the purposes of this note, subject to the provisions of subdivisions (c), (d), (n) and (o) thereof, a good
imported into the customs territory of the United States is eligible for treatment as an originating good of a
UKFTA country under the terms of this note if–
(i) the good is wholly obtained or produced entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both;
(ii) the good is produced entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, and (A) each of-
the non-originating materials used in the production of the good undergoes an applicable change in tariff
classification specified in subdivision (o) of this note; or (B) the good otherwise satisfies any applicable
regional value-content or other requirements set forth in such subdivision (o); and satisfies all other
applicable requirements of this note and of applicable regulations; or

(iii) the good is produced entirely in the territory of Korea or of the United States, or both, exclusively from
materials described in subdivisions (i) or (ii), above.
For the purposes of this note, the term “UKFTA country” refers only to Korea or to the United States.
 Because not all components of the “DIY Knit Shoe Kit” were wholly obtained or produced entirely in the
territory of Korea or the United States, other requirements of General Note 33(b), HTSUS, are not applicable.
 The “DIY Knit Shoe Kit” will not be eligible for preferential tariff treatment under the UKFTA.  
You have also inquired about the country of origin marking.  
Please note pursuant to the marking statute, Section 304, Tariff Act of 1930, as amended (19 U.S.C. 1304)
unless excepted, every article of foreign origin (or its container) imported into the U.S. shall be marked in a
conspicuous place as legibly, indelibly and permanently as the nature of the article (or its container) will
permit, in such a manner as to indicate to the ultimate purchaser in the U.S. the English name of the country
of origin of the article.  Part 134, Customs Regulations (19 CFR Part 134), implements the country of origin
marking requirements and exceptions of 19 U.S.C. 1304.  Section 134.41(b), Customs Regulations (19 CFR
134.41(b)), mandates that the ultimate purchaser in the U.S. must be able to find the marking easily and read
it without strain.  Section 134.1(d), defines the ultimate purchaser as generally the last person in the U.S. who
will receive the article in the form in which it was imported.  If an imported article is to be sold at retail in its
imported form, the purchaser at retail is the ultimate purchaser.
As to the marking of , we look to the Treasury Decision (T.D.) 91-7, published in Volume 25,this kit 
Customs Bulletin and Decisions, at 6 (January 16, 1991), which addressed, among other things, the 
application of country of origin marking requirements to sets. It was stated therein, at 16:
… in most cases, the mere inclusion of an item in a collection will not substantially transform it into an 
article with a new name, character or use and, therefore, each item must be separately marked with its own 
country of origin. (Where the marking of the container will reasonably indicate the country of origin to the 
ultimate purchaser, the container may be marked instead of the individual articles. See 19 U.S.C.   
1304(a)(3)(D) and 19 CFR 134.32(d)). This result is consistent with the purpose of the marking statute since 
the ultimate purchaser’s decision as to whether to buy the set might be influenced by the country of origin of 
any of the items in the set, whether or not an item gives the set its essential character. 
As the kit contains products sourced from Turkey and South Korea that have not been substantially
transformed in either country, you will need to mark the retail packaging box to indicate the proper country
of origin for each item in the kit.
The duties cited above are current as of this ruling’s issuance. Duty rates are provided for your convenience 
and are subject to change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are provided
at https://hts.usitc.gov/.
This ruling does not address the applicability of any additional duties, taxes, fees, exactions and/or other
charges, which may apply to the goods discussed herein.  This includes, but is not limited to, tariffs and other
duties as provided for in Subchapter III to Chapter 99, HTSUS. Thus, for example, in addition to the  
classification stated above, the merchandise covered by this ruling may also need to be reported with either
the Chapter 99 provision under which an additional tariff applies or one of the Chapter 99 provisions
covering exceptions to such tariffs.
For further information to assist with the importation process, please refer to the frequently updated Cargo
Systems Messaging Service (CSMS) messages at 
https://www.cbp.gov/trade/automated/cargo-systems-messaging-service and Frequently Asked Questions on
the Trade Remedy/IEEPA page at 
https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/trade-remedies/IEEPA-FAQ.

The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual situation and merchandise description as
identified in the ruling request. This position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations
(CFR), Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the assumption that all of the
information furnished in the ruling letter, whether directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and
complete in every material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if the goods do not
conform to these facts at time of importation, you should bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and
Border Protection (CBP) and submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling may be subject to periodic
verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of the Customs and Border Protection
Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should be provided with the entry documents
filed at the time this merchandise is imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Stacey Kalkines at stacey.kalkines@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
(for)
Evan Conceicao
Designated Official Performing the Duties of the Division Director
National Commodity Specialist Division