U.S. Customs and
Border Protection
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Customs and Border Protection
National Commodity Specialist Division
One World Trade Center, Suite 51.201
New York, NY 10007
N356637
December 17, 2025
OT:RR:NC:N2:212
CATEGORY: Origin
Melissa Miller Proctor
Miller Proctor Law PLLC
16427 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 410
Scottsdale, AZ  85254
RE:  The country of origin of an audio interface device
Dear Ms. Miller Proctor:
In your letter dated December 2, 2025, you requested a country of origin ruling on behalf of your client,
Focusrite Group US, Inc.
The merchandise under consideration is identified as the ISA C8X and is described as an input signal
amplifier audio interface. The subject device is further described as an analog microphone preamplifier and
signal converter for professional music recording and production. The interface is comprised of multiple
printed circuit board assemblies (PCBAs) within an enclosure. The front of the device is equipped with
various knobs, buttons, sliders, and LED displays, which function together as the user interface for the
device. The back of the device incorporates various audio inputs and outputs for the connection of
microphones, speakers, and other audio input devices.
The subject device is designed to function as an interface between the user’s computer and various audio
inputs for music production, processing, and mixing. The device converts the analog sound from the input
into digital form, making it accessible to alter with the computer. The device can further convert the digital
signal back to analog for audio output.
In your request, you note that there are three primary PCBAs, which provide the necessary functions of the
device. The Main PCBA contains the analog/digital conversion functions as well as the digital signal
processing architecture. The Preamp PCBA contains the ISA preamp electronics as well as various
microphone preamplifiers. The final PCBA is the Front Panel PCBA, which contains the LEDs as well as the
control and user interface electronics. Based on the information provided, the Main PCBA functions as the
essential component of the finished device.
You propose three manufacturing scenarios for the interface device, upon which you would like this office to
review. In scenario one, the Main PCBA is manufactured and programmed in Malaysia. The process includes
the placement of the various electronic components, including the converter circuits and digital signal
processor, on the board via surface mount technology (SMT). The finished PCBA is then sent to China where

the Preamp PCBA and Front Panel PCBA are manufactured via SMT procedures. The three PCBAs are then
assembled within the enclosure before the finished device is tested, inspected, and packaged for shipment to
the United States.
The second scenario begins with both the Main PCBA and Preamp PCBA being manufactured, via the same
SMT operation described above, in Malaysia. The two PCBAs are then sent to China where they are
combined with the Front Panel PCBA, which in this case is manufactured in China, and installed within the
enclosure. The finished device is then tested, inspected, and packaged for shipment to the United States.
The final scenario begins with all three PCBAs (Main, Preamp, and Front Panel) being manufactured via
SMT processes in Malaysia. All three PCBAs are then sent to China where they are assembled within the
final enclosure. The finished device is then tested, inspected, and packaged for shipment to the United States.
When determining the country of origin for purposes of applying current trade remedies under Section 301
and additional duties, the substantial transformation analysis is applicable. See, e.g., Headquarters Ruling
Letter H301619, dated November 6, 2018. The test for determining whether a substantial transformation will
occur is whether an article emerges from a process with a new name, character, or use different from that
possessed by the article prior to processing. See Texas Instruments Inc. v. United States, 681 F.2d 778
(C.C.P.A. 1982). This determination is based on the totality of the evidence. See National Hand Tool Corp. v.
United States, 16 C.I.T. 308 (1992), aff’d, 989 F.2d 1201 (Fed. Cir. 1993).
Regarding the origin of the subject interface device, it is the opinion of this office that the Main PCBA, as it
contains the digital signal processing and conversion functions, imparts the character of the finished device.
In all three scenarios, this PCBA is fully manufactured in Malaysia. In scenario one, the addition of the
Preamp and Front Panel PCBAs as well as the minimal operations performed in China would not
substantially transform the main PCBA into a new and different article of commerce. In scenarios two and
three, the production of the Preamp and Front Panel PCBAs in Malaysia further enhance the functions that
are added from the processes performed in that country. Accordingly, the country of origin for the ISA C8X
as presented in all three scenarios, will be Malaysia.       
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual situation and merchandise description as
identified in the ruling request. This position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations
(CFR), Section 177.9(b)(1). This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the assumption that all of the
information furnished in the ruling letter, whether directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and
complete in every material respect. In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if the goods do not
conform to these facts at time of importation, you should bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and
Border Protection (CBP) and submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling may be subject to periodic
verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of the Customs and Border Protection
Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).

A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should be provided with the entry documents
filed at the time this merchandise is imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Luke LePage at luke.lepage@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
(for)
Evan Conceicao
Designated Official Performing the Duties of the Division Director
National Commodity Specialist Division