U.S. Customs and
Border Protection
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Customs and Border Protection
National Commodity Specialist Division
One World Trade Center, Suite 51.201
New York, NY 10007
N356833
December 15, 2025
CLA-2-38:OT:RR:NC:N3:140
CATEGORY: Classification
TARIFF NO.: 3808.91.2501
Eduardo Medina
4M World Brokers, Inc.
1560 N Industrial Park Dr, Ste B
Nogales 85621
RE:  The tariff classification of Nimbo Organic Insecticide from Mexico
Dear Mr. Medina:
In your letter dated December 8, 2025, you requested a tariff classification ruling on behalf of your client,
Celular Plus SA de CV.
The subject product, Nimbo Organic Insecticide, is described as a highly concentrated, stable mixture of 
botanical extracts and essential oils with insecticidal properties. The active ingredients are neem extract, 
clove oil, citronella, and white mustard. in a 32-ounce The insecticide is packaged white plastic bottle with a
green cap.
The applicable subheading for the Nimbo Organic Insecticide will be 3808.91.2501, Harmonized Tariff 
Schedule of the United States (HTSUS), which provides for “Insecticides, rodenticides, fungicides, 
herbicides, antisprouting products and plant-growth regulators, disinfectants and similar products, put up in 
forms or packings for retail sale or as preparations or articles (for example, sulfur-treated bands, wicks and 
candles, and flypapers): Other: Insecticides: Other: Containing any aromatic or modified aromatic 
insecticide: Other.” The general rate of duty will be 6.5 percent. 
The duties cited above are current as of this ruling’s issuance. Duty rates are provided for your convenience 
and are subject to change. The text of the most recent HTSUS and the accompanying duty rates are provided
at https://hts.usitc.gov/.
This ruling does not address the applicability of any additional duties, taxes, fees, exactions and/or other
charges, which may apply to the goods discussed herein.  This includes, but is not limited to, tariffs and other
duties as provided for in Subchapter III to Chapter 99, HTSUS. Thus, for example, in addition to the  
classification stated above, the merchandise covered by this ruling may also need to be reported with either
the Chapter 99 provision under which an additional tariff applies or one of the Chapter 99 provisions
covering exceptions to such tariffs.

For further information to assist with the importation process, please refer to the frequently updated Cargo
Systems Messaging Service (CSMS) messages at
https://www.cbp.gov/trade/automated/cargo-systems-messaging-service and Frequently Asked Questions on
the Trade Remedy/IEEPA page at
https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/trade-remedies/IEEPA-FAQ.
This merchandise may be subject to the requirements of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide 
Act (FIFRA), which is administered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA), Office of Pesticide (
Programs. Information on the FIFRA can be obtained by calling the EPA at (202) 566-1245, or by visiting
their website at www.epa.gov.
The holding set forth above applies only to the specific factual situation and merchandise description as
identified in the ruling request.  This position is clearly set forth in Title 19, Code of Federal Regulations
(CFR), Section 177.9(b)(1).  This section states that a ruling letter is issued on the assumption that all of the
information furnished in the ruling letter, whether directly, by reference, or by implication, is accurate and
complete in every material respect.  In the event that the facts are modified in any way, or if the goods do not
conform to these facts at time of importation, you should bring this to the attention of U.S. Customs and
Border Protection (CBP) and submit a request for a new ruling in accordance with 19 CFR 177.2.
 Additionally, we note that the material facts described in the foregoing ruling may be subject to periodic
verification by CBP.
This ruling is being issued under the provisions of Part 177 of the Customs and Border Protection
Regulations (19 C.F.R. 177).
A copy of the ruling or the control number indicated above should be provided with the entry documents
filed at the time this merchandise is imported. If you have any questions regarding the ruling, please contact
National Import Specialist Merari Ortiz at merari.ortiz@cbp.dhs.gov.
Sincerely,
(for)
Evan Conceicao
Designated Official Performing the Duties of the Division Director
National Commodity Specialist Division